feat: add title and description to the frontmatter of mdx docs (#154)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/social-connections/linear.mdx

---
title: Linear

> description: Learn how to setup social connection with Linear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to set up social connection with Linear.

```
